salman khan ki largely behan arpita 18
november coupons GG shaadi ke Banton
makes hyderabad k heritage hotels palak
new mommy arpita I us ki hogi shadi
santika mumbai k galaxy apartment make
we r Pataki mehendi ceremony alpha
takamine lagani paunchy Helen Sangeeta
Bijlani Sohail Khan alvina hun aur uttal
agnihotri JC sitari amitabh bachchan and
Shahrukh Khan top the long list of
invitees to the wedding while Amitabh
has not yet confirmed his participation
King Khan and his wife Gauri are likely
to make it in view of their close ties
with Salman family she's like my sister
I've seen her from childhood case at
Amara jokeroo Gustavo scalar wave invite
givers of things Aamir Khan Katrina Kaif
Hrithik Roshan deepika padukone cephalic
on his wife Kareena Kapoor Dharmendra
his wife Hema Malini karan johar David
David se ke Johnny manny has tia is
shoddy me hungee shariq merit our aku ke
saath Aruna hyderabad me too beneteau
shiori MOJ marichoube Domna aesthetic
esophageal work Assad from tollywood
actor turned politician Chiranjeevi
piston ramcharan teja Nagarjuna
Venkatesh and their families will be
amongst elect get bollywood celebrities
usually head to Jodhpur for marriages at
the opulent palaces turned luxury hotels
but this is the first time that a
leading bollywood family chose hyderabad
Salman Khan is said to have fade 2 crore
rupees to book the hotel for two days
it's not just 2 crore rupees which
family will be spending on the
celebration all the wedding planners
caterers and specialist providing
services from makeup to decoration will
be flown in from Mumbai for a grand
celebration